Page 8
  dig google.com
    first asks dns for ip of requested destination
    receive ip address for google
    receive the html
    browser renders page
  browser
    At their core, they all basically do the same thing:
    fetch web pages and display them to the user.

    Your browser gets the HTML text of the page, parses it into a structure that is internally
    meaningful to the browser, lays out the content of the page, and styles the content before
    displaying it to you. All of this work happens behind the scenes.

page 9
  AngularJS
    angular is a client-side technology, written entirely in JavaScript. It works with the longestablished
    technologies of the web (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) to make the
    development of web apps easier and faster than ever before.

    The AngularJS team describes it as a “structural framework for dynamic web apps.”

    AngularJS, on the other hand, augments HTML to give it native Model-View-Controller (MVC)
    capabilities.

page 11
    one of the most basic and impressive features of AngularJS: data binding.

page 12
  Introducing Data Binding in AngularJS

    Instead of merging data into a template and replacing a
    DOM element, AngularJS creates live templates as a view. Individual components of the views are
    dynamically interpolated live.

    Views are interpolated when the view is evaluated with one or more variable substitutions;
    the result is that the variables in our string are replaced with values.

    Automatic data binding gives us the ability to consider the view to be a projection of the model
    state. Any time the model is changed in the client-side model, the view reflects these changes

    Model View Controller (or MVC) view of the world, the controller doesn’t have to worry
    about being in the mix of rendering the view. This fact virtually eliminates the concern of
    separating view and controller logic

    MVC is a software architecture pattern that separates representation from user interaction.
    Generally, the model consists of application data and functions that interact with
    it, while the view presents this data to the user; the controller mediates between the
    two.

page 13
    When Angular thinks that a value might change, it will run its own event loop to check if the
    value is dirty. A value is considered dirty if it has changed since the last time the event loop ran.
    This is how Angular is able to track and respond to changes in the app

    Although there are more efficient ways to do it, dirty checking always works in
    every browser and is predictable. Additionally, a lot of software that needs speed and
    efficiency uses the dirty checking approach.

  Simple Data Binding

    The model object that we are referring to is the $scope object. The $scope object is
    simply a JavaScript object whose properties are all available to the view and with which
    the controller can interact. Don’t worry if this concept doesn’t make sense quite yet:
    It’ll make sense with a few examples.

    Just as ng-app declares that all elements inside of the DOM element upon which it is declared
    belong to the Angular app, declaring the ng-controller attribute on a DOM element says that
    all of the elements inside of it belong to the controller.

page 15-16
    we told Angular that we wanted to create a module named myApp by using
    angular.module('myApp', []). The function angular.module() returns a module.

    The .controller() function defines a new controller. It takes two arguments:
    Data Binding and Your First AngularJS Web Application 16
    • The first argument MyController is a string that defines the name of the controller
    • The second argument is a definition function that defines how the controller will work.

page 17
    In this example, the MyController definition function takes two parameters, the $scope
    of the DOM element and the $timeout. Technically, this is called dependency injection.
    Don’t worry about that scary term: it’s just a way to “require” (i.e. import) libraries we
    want to use.

    

end page 22
want page 64
